DOC LODE DIJKERS ADV2

EEN:
We read part of the Xenofeminist Manifesto and found these words to be most important:

xenofemenism
naturalism
emancipation
technoscience
patriarchy

These words also connect closely with what hacking is or can be; naturalism and patriarchy are both systems. Xenofeminism and technoscience are fields or movements in which the hacks could be developed. They both try to find ways to ‘hack’ the instantiated rules with which they do not agree. 
Emancipation is what follows.
The manifest calls for science and technology to become more inclusive amongst other things.

TWEE:
We had to bring an inspection tool to class. I brought my notebook because especially within my field I am constantly coming up with and investigating ideas. So whenever something pops up in my head I write it down to remember and critique later. 

We then had to do a few excersises to remember the tool with all senses. Closing our eyes and then looking very carefully, listening to it, hitting it, feeling it, whatever to help you see the object in new ways and remember it by that. 

Then we had to describe the tool through the eyes of the user and after that through the ‘eyes’ of the object. This gave me new insights about what a notebook is, why we use it and what it could be used for. How it needs to be ‘destroyed’ in a sense to be used correctly. Filled with inked words. 

DRIE:
https://www.thesaurus.com/browse/hacking 
* 		castrate
* 		disable
* 		disfigure
* 		dismember
* 		hack
* 		harm
* 		impair
* 		incapacitate
* 		injure
* 		mangle
* 		maul
* 		mutilate
* 		wound
* 		batter
* 		blemish
* 		break
* 		crush
* 		damage
* 		deface
* 		disqualify
* 		gimp
* 		hamstring
* 		hog-tie
* 		hurt
* 		lame
* 		mar
* 		massacre
* 		spoil
* 		truncate
* 		warp
* 		mayhem

Two artists that come to mind that ‘hack’ current and very relevant systems are Jonas Lund and James Bridle. Jonas Lund particularly hacked the systems in the art world by working with A.I. and the value of art. James Bridle toys with modern technology by bringing it to an almost dumb level and then come up with a simple hack. One project of him was to paint highway stripes around an A.I car so it couldn’t move anywhere.

VIER:
The very first class with both Shailoh and Joana we introduced ourselves by name, department, your most important body part and a system that connects you to hacking somehow. I chose my ears and my music library. 

The second session with Shailoh and Joana we dysected a tool of inspection. See ‘TWEE’ above.

With the third session with Shailoh we first discussed what hacking means to us and how it works. We picked the blackboard in class as object to dysect. We had to figure out if it was a social, mechanical, organic or electrical system. Social systems are for instance languages, promises and social contracts. Mechanical includes screw, hooks, nails, knots, etc. Organic systems have cells, membranes, veins, etc. Electric systems include cables, bluetooth, wifi, etc. We concluded the balckboard was mostly a mechanical object and came up with ways to hack it.
Then we had to walk through school and take photos of hackable systems in the academy. I took many pictures among toilet signs, doors, folders and a coffee machine. When we returned to class we had to pick one and dysect it. We picked a fire escape plan on the wall and figured out that though it’s hard the frame could be screwed loose from the wall and the plan could be changed. 



VIJF:
Florian Cramer discussed mostly the history of hacking and different historical examples of how the culture of hacking came to be.

One of the first instances was the Tech Model Railway Club (TMRC) in Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) which is seen as the oldest hacking group of North America. It was formed in 1946 and specialized in model trains. They wanted to investigate how this system worked and remodelled it very detailed. 

One of the first popular hacks was the whistle that came with a box of Cap’n’ Crunch cereal. People figured out that the high-pitched tone that came out of the whistle was the same tone that allowed free telephone calls. Usually this tone could not be replicated by the human body. This then was spread in an underground movement of mostly younger people such as students to call without toll. Later a device called a Blue Box was deviced and sold in large scale to replicate those tones and make free calls possible. 

Out of this important hacking movement sprang many hackers and protests. 
One important figure of protest was Abbie Hoffman who wrote the book ‘Steal This Book’.
John Draper was another person who made huge leaps in technology by hacking. 

Acts as hometaping, recording unpaid music via radio or such, gave inspiration to later internet hacks like Piratebay. 

The Jargon File collects imporant slangs and knowledge of the hackerculture.
http://catb.org/jargon/html/

ZES:
I wasn’t able to be here because I had an excursion to London with the Advertising class. However I read some summaries about this day and will write down what I took out of them:

The class needed to hack recipes in different ways. So they made 3? different kind of soups that didn’t follow the recipe in 3 original ways. Some results were gross but some were actually edible. In the class that followed we discussed wether adjusting a recipe should be considered hacking. I personally don’t think so because it’s just the cook being creative and doesn’t have any particularly advanced or intelligent goal other than ‘it tastes different now’. We then concluded that a hack should be some kind of change in an existing system that then doesn’t yet become a system of itself. So freezing eggs wouldn’t be a hack because it’s systematically done in hospitals. CRISPR is debatably a hack because it isn’t institutionalised yet.

ZEVEN:
Hacking is especially important for the modern Advertising world. In my experience we’re often asked to pick a current system, routine or structure, investigate it and then change it with some sort of tool. And this is what hacking is to me: critique the experience within an existing system and design an instrument so the experience of a user can be changed with consistancy. 

Hacking is also by definition on the front of technology, sociology, etc. So observing closely what happens in the ‘hacking world’ means you get the latest information and critques of existing systems. Hacking also happens quite a lot in the art world so observing that closely is something I find interesting as well. 

With this assignment my group and I wanted to hack the current way of taking drugs with us to festivals or clubs. These parties are designed for the usage of drugs (the music, lights, selling of lollipops, bright colours, etc) however can’t allow them because of the law. Currently the mainstream way to bring drugs in is by hiding them in places where security can’t see or feel them. We found that when you’re acting in the most unexpected way security looks over the drugs. We hid them in plain sight by making the drugs into the gems on our jewels. We tested it on Thursday by going to a Hemelvaarts festival wearing bracelets, necklaces and earrings with drugs on them. We succeeded in bringing them to the party.
This tool is limited in that when the security finds out this method of smuggling they will start paying attention to jewellery or ban it altogether. Then a new method should be designed.
