~Checked list of the Read_Me check list file~

<h1> tekst </h1>
	# Hacking keyword list
(that keeps growing); invading, sharing, changing, food, ajusting, invisible, cheating, playing

	# <Lessons>
The most intersting about the observational tool exercise was that I found out things I didn't know. 
My tool was key, wich have multiple things you can use them for. Opening doors, obviously. 
But also cutting, stabbing, and the keychain was for recognizability. After the exercise with closing your eyes I forgot a lot of thing.
Like that keys make a lot of sounds, are cold and that keys are a very messy object.

~The two sessions we had from Shailoh and Joana.
The first one was about manuscripts and what they told us about hacking. 
    For me the most intresting was that boy who just ranted about others being less good and he was amazing.
    A manuscript can be many things and many things can be a manusctript. Just like the term 'paper'
The second was about learning about you obervation tool.
    You can see this coming but it was funny to see that your 'inspaction tool' has way more functions than you think. 

The hacking lecture by Florian Cramer was essencial for me understanding hacking. First I couldn't really keep up with what he was saying due to different terms.
But later he showed examples of the first hackers (model train), the cap'n crunch whisle, karagarga, etc. 
It made me realize that its super broad, the meaning hacking, and what it could be. He also told us about monoskop and ubuweb.

    ### VARIA
The workshop at varia was nice because it was very litteral. You can explain how to hack food and move on.
But this time we also acutally did it. This way you can learn what can go wrong, see the detailss and the effects of your hack.
And due to the fact that we took the time it sticks better in your memory so I won't forget this.

I found the body realization exercise a bit difficult as i somethimes don't take is seriousely enough.
We also had to walk and keep evenly space between us. There was also a sound that went faster and faster.
But I could already sense that the teacher wanted/hoped we would walk faster without realizing it was due to the sound.
And so for that, I didn't do it. She wanted to hack us but we hacked her back I think.


o change the visual representatino, how, figure that out
o what did hacking bring you and what will you use it for in the future

Check list for the Read_Me file:

v select a list of keywords/ glossary about what Hacking is/ can be (tip: re-read the manifesto);
v write down a reflection paragraph on the observational tool exercises (tip: you can link to images/ drawings);
v grow the keywords/ glossary about what Hacking (tip: add your own references);
v gather documentation on the two sessions with Shailoh and Joana;
v write a summary on the Hacking lecture by Florian Cramer;
v write a summary on the exercise you developed at Varia;
revise all the topics above and reflect on the possible meaning of 'Hacking' (Respond to the questions: What is the context in which you operated? What phygical systems did you investigate? What did you find? What is your hacking method? If your method is a tool set, how would you explain to someone else how to use it? In what way are these tools limited/biased?);
