//Hacking///


Reference from hacking facial recognition: https://www.rbth.com/science_and_tech/2017/07/22/hiding-from-artificial-intelligence-in-the-age-of-total-surveillance_808692

What is hack? 

We tend to use the word « hack » as a negative word. The word has a negative connotation that evokes a danger. But, do you know
reality the meaning of this word?
The verb « hack » has origins in the old English haccian, meaning « cut into pieces ». This definition, as a matter of course, 
concerns in the several cases such as an example : 
-to sabotage a railway
-to disturb a camera
-to disrupt a private system in order to stealing some secret information…
The word has been used for the first time around the 70s following from the story of the Crunch Captain. The father of hackers,
John Draper, had used a whistle, produced by the Cap’n Crunch cereal. It made a particular sound which can disturb the 
telephone system in order to avoid paying the credit of telephone. There is a simple fact that can disturb a system. It proves
that the method of hack is not just using the professional tools, there could be a simply material to hacking.
The action of hacking is developed from a computer as a tool, controlled by a human, against directly to the system possession
of humans. For instance, a hacker innovates a printer robot with which he can control it remotely. Thus, the hacker-artist
programs the robot to printing a claim as a message on a street during a manifestation. In this case, the hacker disturbs the
law on the place that he cannot be caught by the polities because her presence is not on the place. So the polities cannot 
catch the robot because it is not a human. Or rather, the action of hacking can be structured from a no-computer as a tool 
against the system of computers. For another example, with the technology evolved, our each face can be identified by a 
system of recognition facial with a camera which records your personal information. In this instance, you wonder that how 
you can protect your private data? For this reason, a Russian hacker, Grigory Bakunov, created a make-up in order to avoid the 
system of recognition facial. 
Or hacking can be a simple manner like to transform a function of an object as another function. 

As a deaf person, I am part of the people with the specify needs. It is important to remind that the deaf community is 
ethnicity with the own language and cultural. What the problem that the deafies are confronting in every day ? 
The mainly problem is the barrier language, not the problem of deafness. It is a particular problem that some people with the
specify needs don’t have this barrier. To rectify this situation, I would like to use the method of hacking in order to 
evolved the accessibility in a brutal way. I want to control and to set the expression mechanism of hearing persons. I 
imagine to plan a brutal intervention during a presidential meeting to improve accessibility. First, I program the automatic
doors to close the room to inhibit the people leaving the room. Then I put a very high-pitched and loud sound. Then a message
will appear on the screen projection "no talking". If someone speaks, the sound will become very loud. So everyone should be
quiet and not stop following the meeting. Therefore, the candidate for the presidential election should finds another 
way to express himself. This could be in writing or by gesture. By this way, the deaf people can follow the meeting without
the discriminations.  

The Inspection Tools
 -My body is composed six faces such fives glass faces and one plastic face. It has eight corners curved. The plastic side is
 the door into my body. The red waterproofing edge surrounds my door which allows to keep my containers in safe. I take care
 to avoid that the liquid leaks out of my bubble. My role is to keep three mainly sensorial of the containers for a long 
 time: Sight, Tastes, smells.
  -Glossary: Soft, harsh, sides, corners, transparent, blur, wings, red, white, attach, scratch, open, close, separate,
  together, movable, heat, cold, three-dimensional, retain, air, drained, filled, compression…
-Process of the reflexion:
 Observe the box. Touching each the corners. Develop your empathy into the object. 
 



